Opening:
3 way wedding between eli/lyn/hec
alfonse/sharena/co show up running from veronica or sth
dorcas keels over dead
eliwood accuses the newcomers
FIGHT

Ch1: What happened to Dorcas?
Objective: find clues to the true culprit

Fight your way through the castle defeating the sub-bosses

so, a few turns in Hector and Lyn aggro and start moving
reinforcements spawn each time you move up a level
peg knights carrying generals spawn from the top at some point
thieves carrying lockpicks and dropping chest keys go after the chests
some guys drop master seals (change to feathers)
maybe also drop orbs for you to summon with? or just collectables that give the True Ending???
ending: either use the turnwheel and rewind time (restart the chapter) or destroy mila's turnwheel


Ch2: Take out the tactician
Objective: the tactician is marc. He went mad, seeking ever greater challenge because of his ability to turn back time
life is a toy to him
To show how mad he is, he pulls a bunch of dudes out of the ether - clones of your army?
the map itself fights you

Character loadouts

Sharena - Fensalir - Rally Str
Anna - Nóatún - Astra
Alfonse - Fólkvangr - Sol
Norne - Parthia - Bowbreaker
Mia - Vague Katti - Lunge
Narcian - Runesword - Vengeance
Linde - Aura - Breath of Life
Amelia - Garm - Rally Move
Olivia - Silver Sword - Spur Atk
CamSiriZeke - Gradivus - Chivalry
Reinhardt - Dire Thunder - Death Blow

reginleif > fensalir
rapier > folkvangr
nidhogg > parthia
luce > noatun
audhulma > vague katti
vidofnir > gradivus
forblaze > dire thunder
sieglinde > durandal
siegmund > armads

Credits

monkeybard - al, sharena, anna, veronica, norne, many icons, advice, testing
glac - reinhardt
eise - bridelyn
blaze - alfonse anim, camus
lenh/aeo/pk - elise
mk404 - linde
nickt - mia
leo - name hax

having collected the clues - they confront eliwood and show that it was not them, but some mysterious third party who used a blood pact.
Eliwood accepts that he was mistaken, but still - they slaughtered like half his dudes thanks to a misunderstanding.
Suddenly the Mila Gear begins to glow. Thanks to absorbing all the memory prisms, it is now restored to its full potential.
We can use it to rewind time and bring everyone back to life!
Mark always said it was better to try again than to let anyone die, and we never understood what he meant. Did he have access to this kind of magic?
Everyone gets ready to use it....
HOLD IT!
in comes... VERONICA SAVING THE DAY BITCHES
She heard everything! and here's what she can explain:
people who die are stored in orbs - to be summoned and fight endlessly in valhalla.
that is the fate of eliwood's friends. And that is why she fights them, she has no more choice than they do.
BUT using the power of the restored turnwheel, combined with the breidablik, they can break through the fabric of time
and take on the very gods themselves.

She fires the breidablik at the turnwheel, shattering it....

CHAPTER 1 END

CHAPTER 2: save the world
the map looks like youtube.
silence... and then
music fades in: Markyjoe intro

Don't you get it? You're not just pawns in someone's sick game. No.
Someone made this game to entertain Markyjoe. HE is the real killer. If not for him, Dorcas might have lived! Everyone would have lived!
Happiness? BORING! I'M HERE TO ENTERTAIN YOU! TAKE THE RAGE! ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED????
NOW, I SPEND $200 ON ORBS AND I'M GOING TO DEFEAT YOU WITH YOURSELVES!!! or something
<stupidly broken skills probably>
He's gone mad! 
<after defeating him>
...if you love love so much, why don't you all go marry each other?!
what a splendid idea!

so everyone was brought back to life, and they all married each other in the grandest wedding in all the universe.

Final Prism:

Did you never wonder why, despite all odds, nobody ever died under Marc's guidance?
It wasn't his strategies... no. He made mistakes, like anyone else.
The power of the Mila Gear...
The power to rewind time...
How many times had he seen his people die, yet brought them back?
How many times had he meddled in their love lives?
As the years passed, he began to change.
Like an addict, he sought stronger and stronger experiences, craving sadism, cruelty, and rage.
Until one day... he came to a realisation.
For what reason did he willingly subject himself to fight and die repeatedly in this Sisyphean ordeal?
Whom did he truly serve?
...
~HEY IT'S ME, MARKYJOE! HERE TO ENTERTAIN YOU!~
